osa_tool/scheduler/README.md, before:

# ModeScheduler

An interactive CLI tool for managing action plans for OSA

Builds and manages a task plan for a selected repository. The plan can be:

- **basic** — a predefined set of tasks
- **auto** — generated by an AI model based on the repository contents
- **advanced** — adjusted by the user during CLI execution

The CLI allows user to:

- View the generated plan
- Confirm or cancel execution
- Edit the plan interactively
- Manage GitHub Actions workflows alongside other tasks

---

## How it works?

Here is a short demo:

![Animation](../../docs/images/osa_cli.gif)

---

## Usage

Run Open-Source-Advisor using the following command:

```sh
python -m osa_tool.run -r {repository} [--mode {mode}] [--api {api}] [--base-url {base_url}] [--model {model_name}]
```

### Required Argument:

`-r`, `--repository` - URL of the repository to be analyzed and processed.

### Available Modes

Before starting, the user needs to specify which mode they want to use:

| Mode             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `basic`          | Runs a predefined set of actions: generates Report, README, Community docs, About section.<br/>Organize the repository structure by adding standard 'tests' and 'examples' directories if missing.<br/> |
| `auto` (default) | Automatically builds a plan using an AI model based on repository analysis.                                                                                                                             |
| `advanced`       | Allows the user to manually select and configure which improvements and actions will be applied to the repository.                                                                                      |

### What Happens Next

Once the CLI command is execute, OSA will:

1. Analyze the repository
2. Display informational tables in the console:
    - **Repository and environment info** - general project details, active configuration
    - **Planned actions** — a table listing actions and improvements that are scheduled to be applied.
    - **Inactive actions** — a table showing actions that will not be applied based on the current plan.

### Confirming the Action Plan

```sh
Do you want to proceed with these actions? [y/n/custom] (y)
```

- Enter `y` or simply press **Enter** — to accept the proposed plan and continue execution.
- Enter `n` — to cancel the operation. The program will immediately exit without making any changes
- Enter `custom` — to enter manual editing mode, where user can adjust the plan interactively.

### Manual Plan Editing Mode

In **custom mode**:

- A list of editable actions is displayed.
- Available commands:
    - `help` or `?` — displays a table with descriptions of all editable keys.
    - `multi-bool` — enables batch editing of boolean-type keys.
    - `done` — finishes the editing session and displays the current plan.
- To edit an action, enter its name.
- For each selected action:
    - If it is a **boolean value** (True/False), a prompt will request setting it to:
        - `y` — enable
        - `n` — disable
        - `skip` — leave unchanged
    - If it is a **string** or **list**:
        - A new value can be entered.
        - Leave empty to skip.
        - Enter `None` to explicitly disable the value.
    - Before entering a new value, the system will display:
        - A short description.
        - Allowed values (if available).
        - An example (if available).
        - The current value.

Once the user type `done`:

- The updated tables with planned actions and inactive actions will be displayed again.
- The program will prompt the user one more time to confirm the updated plan
- Available options:
    - Confirm with `y` or **Enter**
    - Cancel with `n`
    - Re-enter manual editing mode with `custom`

This interactive loop continues until the user explicitly confirms or cancels the operation.

This mode allows for precise control over which improvements, documentation, or workflow-related actions will be applied
to the repository.

## Table of Available Keys

| Parameter            | Aliases                  | Type | Description                                                                                                                                                   | Default                          | Choices                     |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------|:-----|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| repository           | `-r`, `--repository`     | str  | URL of the GitHub repository                                                                                                                                  | `https://github.com/aimclub/OSA` | —                           |
| mode                 | `-m`, `--mode`           | str  | Operation mode for repository processing: `basic`, `auto` (default), or `advanced`.                                                                           | `auto`                           | `basic`, `auto`, `advanced` |
| branch               | `-b`, `--branch`         | str  | Branch name of the GitHub repository                                                                                                                          | `null`                           | —                           |
| api                  | `--api`                  | str  | LLM API service provider                                                                                                                                      | `llama`                          | `llama`, `openai`, `ollama` |
| base_url             | `--base-url`             | str  | URL of the provider compatible with OpenAI API                                                                                                                | `https://api.openai.com/v1`      | —                           |
| model                | `--model`                | str  | Specific LLM model to use. See: [link1](https://vsegpt.ru/Docs/Models), [link2](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models), [link3](https://ollama.com/library) | `gpt-3.5-turbo`                  | —                           |
| article              | `--article`              | str  | README template for a repository with an article, or a link to a PDF file                                                                                     | `null`                           | —                           |
| translate_dirs       | `--translate-dirs`       | flag | Enable automatic translation of directory names into English                                                                                                  | `false`                          | —                           |
| convert_notebooks    | `--convert-notebooks`    | list | Convert Jupyter notebooks to `.py` format. Provide paths, or leave empty for repo directory                                                                   | —                                | —                           |
| delete_dir           | `--delete-dir`           | flag | Delete the downloaded repository after processing (Linux only)                                                                                                | `false`                          | —                           |
| ensure_license       | `--ensure-license`       | str  | Enable LICENSE file compilation                                                                                                                               | `null`                           | `bsd-3`, `mit`, `ap2`       |
| not_publish_results  | `--not-publish-results`  | flag | Create a public fork and PR to the target repository                                                                                                          | `false`                          | —                           |
| community_docs       | `--community-docs`       | flag | Generate community-related documentation files                                                                                                                | `false`                          | —                           |
| docstring            | `--docstring`            | flag | Automatically generate docstrings for Python files                                                                                                            | `false`                          | —                           |
| report               | `--report`               | flag | Analyze the repository and generate a PDF report                                                                                                              | `false`                          | —                           |
| readme               | `--readme`               | flag | Generate a `README.md` file based on repository content                                                                                                       | `false`                          | —                           |
| organize             | `--organize`             | flag | Organize the repository by adding standard `tests` and `examples` directories if missing                                                                      | `false`                          | —                           |
| about                | `--about`                | flag | Generate About section with tags                                                                                                                              | `false`                          | —                           |
| generate_workflows   | `--generate-workflows`   | flag | Generate GitHub Action workflows for the repository                                                                                                           | `false`                          | —                           |
| workflows_output_dir | `--workflows-output-dir` | str  | Directory where workflow files will be saved                                                                                                                  | `.github/workflows`              | —                           |
| include_tests        | `--include-tests`        | flag | Include unit tests workflow                                                                                                                                   | `true`                           | —                           |
| include_black        | `--include-black`        | flag | Include Black formatter workflow                                                                                                                              | `true`                           | —                           |
| include_pep8         | `--include-pep8`         | flag | Include PEP 8 compliance workflow                                                                                                                             | `true`                           | —                           |
| include_autopep8     | `--include-autopep8`     | flag | Include autopep8 formatter workflow                                                                                                                           | `false`                          | —                           |
| include_fix_pep8     | `--include-fix-pep8`     | flag | Include fix-pep8 command workflow                                                                                                                             | `false`                          | —                           |
| include_pypi         | `--include-pypi`         | flag | Include PyPI publish workflow                                                                                                                                 | `false`                          | —                           |
| python_versions      | `--python-versions`      | list | Python versions to test against                                                                                                                               | `[3.9, 3.10]`                    | —                           |
| pep8_tool            | `--pep8-tool`            | str  | Tool to use for PEP 8 checking                                                                                                                                | `flake8`                         | `flake8`, `pylint`          |
| use_poetry           | `--use-poetry`           | flag | Use Poetry for packaging                                                                                                                                      | `false`                          | —                           |
| branches             | `--branches`             | list | Branches to trigger workflows on                                                                                                                              | `[]`                             | —                           |
| codecov_token        | `--codecov-token`        | flag | Use Codecov token for coverage upload                                                                                                                         | `false`                          | —                           |
| include_codecov      | `--include-codecov`      | flag | Include Codecov coverage step in unit tests workflow                                                                                                          | `true`                           | —                           |

Commit message:

feat: split not-publish on no-fork and no-pr

osa_tool/scheduler/README.md, after:

# ModeScheduler

An interactive CLI tool for managing action plans for OSA

Builds and manages a task plan for a selected repository. The plan can be:

- **basic** — a predefined set of tasks
- **auto** — generated by an AI model based on the repository contents
- **advanced** — adjusted by the user during CLI execution

The CLI allows user to:

- View the generated plan
- Confirm or cancel execution
- Edit the plan interactively
- Manage GitHub Actions workflows alongside other tasks

---

## How it works?

Here is a short demo:

![Animation](../../docs/images/osa_cli.gif)

---

## Usage

Run Open-Source-Advisor using the following command:

```sh
python -m osa_tool.run -r {repository} [--mode {mode}] [--api {api}] [--base-url {base_url}] [--model {model_name}]
```

### Required Argument:

`-r`, `--repository` - URL of the repository to be analyzed and processed.

### Available Modes

Before starting, the user needs to specify which mode they want to use:

| Mode             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `basic`          | Runs a predefined set of actions: generates Report, README, Community docs, About section.<br/>Organize the repository structure by adding standard 'tests' and 'examples' directories if missing.<br/> |
| `auto` (default) | Automatically builds a plan using an AI model based on repository analysis.                                                                                                                             |
| `advanced`       | Allows the user to manually select and configure which improvements and actions will be applied to the repository.                                                                                      |

### What Happens Next

Once the CLI command is execute, OSA will:

1. Analyze the repository
2. Display informational tables in the console:
    - **Repository and environment info** - general project details, active configuration
    - **Planned actions** — a table listing actions and improvements that are scheduled to be applied.
    - **Inactive actions** — a table showing actions that will not be applied based on the current plan.

### Confirming the Action Plan

```sh
Do you want to proceed with these actions? [y/n/custom] (y)
```

- Enter `y` or simply press **Enter** — to accept the proposed plan and continue execution.
- Enter `n` — to cancel the operation. The program will immediately exit without making any changes
- Enter `custom` — to enter manual editing mode, where user can adjust the plan interactively.

### Manual Plan Editing Mode

In **custom mode**:

- A list of editable actions is displayed.
- Available commands:
    - `help` or `?` — displays a table with descriptions of all editable keys.
    - `multi-bool` — enables batch editing of boolean-type keys.
    - `done` — finishes the editing session and displays the current plan.
- To edit an action, enter its name.
- For each selected action:
    - If it is a **boolean value** (True/False), a prompt will request setting it to:
        - `y` — enable
        - `n` — disable
        - `skip` — leave unchanged
    - If it is a **string** or **list**:
        - A new value can be entered.
        - Leave empty to skip.
        - Enter `None` to explicitly disable the value.
    - Before entering a new value, the system will display:
        - A short description.
        - Allowed values (if available).
        - An example (if available).
        - The current value.

Once the user type `done`:

- The updated tables with planned actions and inactive actions will be displayed again.
- The program will prompt the user one more time to confirm the updated plan
- Available options:
    - Confirm with `y` or **Enter**
    - Cancel with `n`
    - Re-enter manual editing mode with `custom`

This interactive loop continues until the user explicitly confirms or cancels the operation.

This mode allows for precise control over which improvements, documentation, or workflow-related actions will be applied
to the repository.

## Table of Available Keys

| Parameter            | Aliases                  | Type | Description                                                                                                                                                   | Default                          | Choices                     |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------|:-----|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| repository           | `-r`, `--repository`     | str  | URL of the GitHub repository                                                                                                                                  | `https://github.com/aimclub/OSA` | —                           |
| mode                 | `-m`, `--mode`           | str  | Operation mode for repository processing: `basic`, `auto` (default), or `advanced`.                                                                           | `auto`                           | `basic`, `auto`, `advanced` |
| branch               | `-b`, `--branch`         | str  | Branch name of the GitHub repository                                                                                                                          | `null`                           | —                           |
| api                  | `--api`                  | str  | LLM API service provider                                                                                                                                      | `llama`                          | `llama`, `openai`, `ollama` |
| base_url             | `--base-url`             | str  | URL of the provider compatible with OpenAI API                                                                                                                | `https://api.openai.com/v1`      | —                           |
| model                | `--model`                | str  | Specific LLM model to use. See: [link1](https://vsegpt.ru/Docs/Models), [link2](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models), [link3](https://ollama.com/library) | `gpt-3.5-turbo`                  | —                           |
| article              | `--article`              | str  | README template for a repository with an article, or a link to a PDF file                                                                                     | `null`                           | —                           |
| translate_dirs       | `--translate-dirs`       | flag | Enable automatic translation of directory names into English                                                                                                  | `false`                          | —                           |
| convert_notebooks    | `--convert-notebooks`    | list | Convert Jupyter notebooks to `.py` format. Provide paths, or leave empty for repo directory                                                                   | —                                | —                           |
| delete_dir           | `--delete-dir`           | flag | Delete the downloaded repository after processing (Linux only)                                                                                                | `false`                          | —                           |
| ensure_license       | `--ensure-license`       | str  | Enable LICENSE file compilation                                                                                                                               | `null`                           | `bsd-3`, `mit`, `ap2`       |
| no_fork              | `--no-fork`              | flag | Do not create a public fork to the target repository                                                                                                          | `false`                          | —                           |
| no_pull_request      | `--no-pull-request`      | flag | Do not create a pull request to the target repository                                                                                                         | `false`                          | —                           |
| community_docs       | `--community-docs`       | flag | Generate community-related documentation files                                                                                                                | `false`                          | —                           |
| docstring            | `--docstring`            | flag | Automatically generate docstrings for Python files                                                                                                            | `false`                          | —                           |
| report               | `--report`               | flag | Analyze the repository and generate a PDF report                                                                                                              | `false`                          | —                           |
| readme               | `--readme`               | flag | Generate a `README.md` file based on repository content                                                                                                       | `false`                          | —                           |
| organize             | `--organize`             | flag | Organize the repository by adding standard `tests` and `examples` directories if missing                                                                      | `false`                          | —                           |
| about                | `--about`                | flag | Generate About section with tags                                                                                                                              | `false`                          | —                           |
| generate_workflows   | `--generate-workflows`   | flag | Generate GitHub Action workflows for the repository                                                                                                           | `false`                          | —                           |
| workflows_output_dir | `--workflows-output-dir` | str  | Directory where workflow files will be saved                                                                                                                  | `.github/workflows`              | —                           |
| include_tests        | `--include-tests`        | flag | Include unit tests workflow                                                                                                                                   | `true`                           | —                           |
| include_black        | `--include-black`        | flag | Include Black formatter workflow                                                                                                                              | `true`                           | —                           |
| include_pep8         | `--include-pep8`         | flag | Include PEP 8 compliance workflow                                                                                                                             | `true`                           | —                           |
| include_autopep8     | `--include-autopep8`     | flag | Include autopep8 formatter workflow                                                                                                                           | `false`                          | —                           |
| include_fix_pep8     | `--include-fix-pep8`     | flag | Include fix-pep8 command workflow                                                                                                                             | `false`                          | —                           |
| include_pypi         | `--include-pypi`         | flag | Include PyPI publish workflow                                                                                                                                 | `false`                          | —                           |
| python_versions      | `--python-versions`      | list | Python versions to test against                                                                                                                               | `[3.9, 3.10]`                    | —                           |
| pep8_tool            | `--pep8-tool`            | str  | Tool to use for PEP 8 checking                                                                                                                                | `flake8`                         | `flake8`, `pylint`          |
| use_poetry           | `--use-poetry`           | flag | Use Poetry for packaging                                                                                                                                      | `false`                          | —                           |
| branches             | `--branches`             | list | Branches to trigger workflows on                                                                                                                              | `[]`                             | —                           |
| codecov_token        | `--codecov-token`        | flag | Use Codecov token for coverage upload                                                                                                                         | `false`                          | —                           |
| include_codecov      | `--include-codecov`      | flag | Include Codecov coverage step in unit tests workflow                                                                                                          | `true`                           | —                           |
