examples/FEDOT/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/7de1e1321389ec177f236d0a5f41f876811a912a/badges/ITMO_badge.svg" align="center" width="20%">
</p>
<p align="center"><h1 align="center">FEDOT</h1></p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/aimclub/FEDOT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="license">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/aimclub/FEDOT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=git&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="last-commit">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/aimclub/FEDOT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-top-language">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/aimclub/FEDOT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-language-count">
</p>
<p align="center">Built with the tools and technologies:</p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GNU-Bash&logoColor=white"alt="GNU%20Bash">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=NumPy&logoColor=white"alt="NumPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pytest-0A9EDC.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Pytest&logoColor=white"alt="Pytest">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Docker&logoColor=white"alt="Docker">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Python&logoColor=white"alt="Python">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GitHub-Actions&logoColor=white"alt="GitHub%20Actions">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-8CAAE6.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=SciPy&logoColor=white"alt="SciPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-150458.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"alt="pandas">
</p>
<br>


---
## Overview

<overview>
FEDOT is a machine learning framework that simplifies the development of AI pipelines. It offers a modular and extensible architecture, enabling users to build, optimize, and deploy models efficiently. FEDOT targets data scientists and machine learning engineers, providing a flexible solution for various applications, from data preprocessing to complex AI tasks.
</overview>

---


## Table of contents

- [Core features](#core-features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Citation](#citation)

---

## Core features

<corefeatures>

1. **Modular Framework**: Uses `Python` for machine learning pipeline development.

2. **Extensive Library**: Includes `scikit-learn`, `xgboost`, `lightgbm`, and `catboost` for modeling.

3. **Hyperparameter Tuning**: Utilizes `hyperopt` and `scikit-optimize` for optimization.

4. **Pipeline Optimization**: Employs `joblib` and `psutil` for performance tuning.

5. **Docker Support**: Allows for containerization using `docker` and `docker-compose`.

</corefeatures>

---


## Installation

Install FEDOT using one of the following methods:

**Build from source:**

1. Clone the FEDOT repository:
```sh
❯ git clone https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```sh
❯ cd FEDOT
```

3. Install the project dependencies:


**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ pip install -r requirements.txt
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker build -t aimclub/FEDOT .
```



---


## Examples

Examples of how this should work and how it should be used are available in [examples](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/tree/master/examples).

---


## Documentation

A detailed FEDOT description is available in [docs](https://fedot.readthedocs.io).

---


## Getting started

### Usage

Run FEDOT using the following command:
**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ python {entrypoint}
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker run -it {image_name}
```


---


## Contributing

- **[Join the Discussions](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/discussions )**: Share your insights, provide feedback, or ask questions.

- **[Report Issues](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/issues )**: Submit bugs found or log feature requests for the FEDOT project.

- **[Submit Pull Requests](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md )**: To learn more about making a contribution to FEDOT.

---


## License

This project is protected under the BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/blob/master/LICENSE.md) file.

---


## Acknowledgments

- List any resources, contributors, inspiration, etc. here.

---



## Contacts

Your contacts. For example:

- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/) answering questions about your project
- [VK group](<https://vk.com/>) your VK group
- etc.

---


## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below.

### APA format:

    aimclub (2025). FEDOT repository (Version ...) [Computer software]. https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT

### BibTeX format:

    @software{aimclub_FEDOT_repository_2025,

        author = {aimclub},

        doi = {},

        month = {01},

        title = {FEDOT repository},

        url = {https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT},

        version = {},

        year = {2025}
    }

---

Commit message:

Add new llm providers (#38)
* Implement end-to-end readme generation

1. Make main.py.
2. Make a few examples of README.
3. Remove research directory.
4. Update requirements.



---------

Co-authored-by: Ekarerina-Ulyanova <113061011+Ekarerina-Ulyanova@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ekarerina-Ulyanova <0ulyanova.ekaterina.4@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: andreygetmanov <andrey.getmanov2802@gmail.com>

examples/FEDOT/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/7de1e1321389ec177f236d0a5f41f876811a912a/badges/ITMO_badge.svg" align="center" width="20%">
</p>
<p align="center"><h1 align="center">FEDOT</h1></p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/aimclub/FEDOT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="license">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/aimclub/FEDOT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=git&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="last-commit">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/aimclub/FEDOT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-top-language">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/aimclub/FEDOT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-language-count">
</p>
<p align="center">Built with the tools and technologies:</p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GNU-Bash&logoColor=white"alt="GNU%20Bash">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=NumPy&logoColor=white"alt="NumPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pytest-0A9EDC.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Pytest&logoColor=white"alt="Pytest">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Docker&logoColor=white"alt="Docker">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Python&logoColor=white"alt="Python">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GitHub-Actions&logoColor=white"alt="GitHub%20Actions">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-8CAAE6.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=SciPy&logoColor=white"alt="SciPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-150458.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"alt="pandas">
</p>
<br>


---
## Overview

<overview>
FEDOT is an automated machine learning framework designed to simplify the creation, evaluation, and deployment of machine learning pipelines. It empowers data scientists and practitioners by streamlining workflows and providing versatile tools for various data challenges, ultimately enhancing productivity and fostering innovation in diverse applications.
</overview>

---


## Table of contents

- [Core features](#core-features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Citation](#citation)

---

## Core features

<corefeatures>

1. **Automated Machine Learning**: Framework simplifies building, evaluating, and deploying machine learning pipelines.

2. **Data Processing Capabilities**: Includes data preprocessing, model selection, and hyperparameter tuning functionalities.

3. **Docker Integration**: Facilitates containerization for consistent environments across various platforms.

4. **Extensibility**: Supports custom models and operations, allowing adaptation to specific project needs.

5. **Comprehensive Documentation**: Provides guidance, usage instructions, and example scripts for effective navigation.

</corefeatures>

---


## Installation

Install FEDOT using one of the following methods:

**Build from source:**

1. Clone the FEDOT repository:
```sh
❯ git clone https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```sh
❯ cd FEDOT
```

3. Install the project dependencies:


**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ pip install -r requirements.txt
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker build -t aimclub/FEDOT .
```



---


## Examples

Examples of how this should work and how it should be used are available in [examples](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/tree/master/examples).

---


## Documentation

A detailed FEDOT description is available in [docs](https://fedot.readthedocs.io).

---


## Getting started

### Usage

Run FEDOT using the following command:
**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ python {entrypoint}
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker run -it {image_name}
```


---


## Contributing

- **[Join the Discussions](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/discussions )**: Share your insights, provide feedback, or ask questions.

- **[Report Issues](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/issues )**: Submit bugs found or log feature requests for the FEDOT project.

- **[Submit Pull Requests](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md )**: To learn more about making a contribution to FEDOT.

---


## License

This project is protected under the BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE](https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT/blob/master/LICENSE.md) file.

---


## Acknowledgments

- List any resources, contributors, inspiration, etc. here.

---



## Contacts

Your contacts. For example:

- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/) answering questions about your project
- [VK group](<https://vk.com/>) your VK group
- etc.

---


## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below.

### APA format:

    aimclub (2025). FEDOT repository (Version ...) [Computer software]. https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT

### BibTeX format:

    @software{aimclub_FEDOT_repository_2025,

        author = {aimclub},

        doi = {},

        month = {01},

        title = {FEDOT repository},

        url = {https://github.com/aimclub/FEDOT},

        version = {},

        year = {2025}
    }

---
