examples/nas-fedot/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/7de1e1321389ec177f236d0a5f41f876811a912a/badges/ITMO_badge.svg" align="center" width="20%">
</p>
<p align="center"><h1 align="center">NAS-FEDOT</h1></p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="license">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=git&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="last-commit">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-top-language">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-language-count">
</p>
<p align="center">Built with the tools and technologies:</p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-D00000.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Keras&logoColor=white"alt="Keras">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/scikitlearn-F7931E.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white"alt="scikitlearn">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GNU-Bash&logoColor=white"alt="GNU%20Bash">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=NumPy&logoColor=white"alt="NumPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Docker&logoColor=white"alt="Docker">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Python&logoColor=white"alt="Python">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GitHub-Actions&logoColor=white"alt="GitHub%20Actions">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-150458.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"alt="pandas">
</p>
<br>


---
## Overview

<overview>
nas-fedot is a framework that automates the design and optimization of neural networks for various tasks, such as image classification and seismic inversion. It enables users to focus on high-level tasks, accelerating the development of high-performance neural networks. The framework targets developers and researchers seeking to improve neural network performance without manual architecture design.
</overview>

---


## Table of contents

- [Core features](#core-features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Citation](#citation)

---

## Core features

<corefeatures>

1. **Modular Framework**: Uses `Python` for Neural Architecture Search (NAS) development.

2. **Graph-Based Representation**: Defines and composes neural network components using graphs.

3. **Optimization Tools**: Includes tools for evaluating and validating neural network performance.

4. **Containerization**: Utilizes `Docker` for containerization and `pip` for package management.

5. **Extensive Libraries**: Leverages `TensorFlow`, `Keras`, `PyTorch`, and `scikit-learn` for neural networks.

</corefeatures>

---


## Installation

Install nas-fedot using one of the following methods:

**Build from source:**

1. Clone the nas-fedot repository:
```sh
❯ git clone https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```sh
❯ cd nas-fedot
```

3. Install the project dependencies:


**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ pip install -r requirements.txt
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker build -t ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot .
```



---


## Examples

Examples of how this should work and how it should be used are available in [Not found any examples](https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot/tree/master/).

---


## Documentation

A detailed nas-fedot description is available in [Not found any docs]().

---


## Getting started

### Usage

Run nas-fedot using the following command:
**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ python {entrypoint}
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker run -it {image_name}
```


---


## Contributing


- **[Report Issues](https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot/issues )**: Submit bugs found or log feature requests for the nas-fedot project.


---


## License

This project is protected under the BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

---


## Acknowledgments

- List any resources, contributors, inspiration, etc. here.

---



## Contacts

Your contacts. For example:

- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/) answering questions about your project
- [VK group](<https://vk.com/>) your VK group
- etc.

---


## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below.

### APA format:

    ITMO-NSS-team (2024). nas-fedot repository (Version ...) [Computer software]. https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot

### BibTeX format:

    @software{ITMO-NSS-team_nas-fedot_repository_2024,

        author = {ITMO-NSS-team},

        doi = {},

        month = {12},

        title = {nas-fedot repository},

        url = {https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot},

        version = {},

        year = {2024}
    }

---

Commit message:

Add support for LLM providers VseGPT and OpenAI
1. Update examples
2. Add to README how to use generator
3. Update prompt for Core Features

examples/nas-fedot/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/7de1e1321389ec177f236d0a5f41f876811a912a/badges/ITMO_badge.svg" align="center" width="20%">
</p>
<p align="center"><h1 align="center">NAS-FEDOT</h1></p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="license">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=git&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="last-commit">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-top-language">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-language-count">
</p>
<p align="center">Built with the tools and technologies:</p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-D00000.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Keras&logoColor=white"alt="Keras">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/scikitlearn-F7931E.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white"alt="scikitlearn">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GNU-Bash&logoColor=white"alt="GNU%20Bash">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=NumPy&logoColor=white"alt="NumPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Docker&logoColor=white"alt="Docker">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Python&logoColor=white"alt="Python">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GitHub-Actions&logoColor=white"alt="GitHub%20Actions">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-150458.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"alt="pandas">
</p>
<br>


---
## Overview

<overview>
nas-fedot is a framework designed for developing and optimizing neural network architectures, particularly for tasks like butterfly classification and seismic inversion. It empowers researchers and practitioners in machine learning to efficiently experiment with various model designs, enhancing their ability to innovate and improve performance in their projects.
</overview>

---


## Table of contents

- [Core features](#core-features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Citation](#citation)

---

## Core features

<corefeatures>

1. **Neural Network Framework**: Comprehensive tools for developing and optimizing neural network architectures.

2. **Modular Design**: Customizable modules for graph building, model construction, and performance evaluation.

3. **GPU Support**: Multiple Dockerfiles for standard and GPU-accelerated environments.

4. **Dependency Management**: Requirements file to manage all necessary dependencies effectively.

5. **Continuous Integration**: GitHub workflows for automated testing and robust development processes.

</corefeatures>

---


## Installation

Install nas-fedot using one of the following methods:

**Build from source:**

1. Clone the nas-fedot repository:
```sh
❯ git clone https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```sh
❯ cd nas-fedot
```

3. Install the project dependencies:


**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ pip install -r requirements.txt
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker build -t ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot .
```



---


## Examples

Examples of how this should work and how it should be used are available in [Not found any examples](https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot/tree/master/).

---


## Documentation

A detailed nas-fedot description is available in [Not found any docs]().

---


## Getting started

### Usage

Run nas-fedot using the following command:
**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ python {entrypoint}
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker run -it {image_name}
```


---


## Contributing


- **[Report Issues](https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot/issues )**: Submit bugs found or log feature requests for the nas-fedot project.


---


## License

This project is protected under the BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

---


## Acknowledgments

- List any resources, contributors, inspiration, etc. here.

---



## Contacts

Your contacts. For example:

- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/) answering questions about your project
- [VK group](<https://vk.com/>) your VK group
- etc.

---


## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below.

### APA format:

    ITMO-NSS-team (2024). nas-fedot repository (Version ...) [Computer software]. https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot

### BibTeX format:

    @software{ITMO-NSS-team_nas-fedot_repository_2024,

        author = {ITMO-NSS-team},

        doi = {},

        month = {12},

        title = {nas-fedot repository},

        url = {https://github.com/ITMO-NSS-team/nas-fedot},

        version = {},

        year = {2024}
    }

---
