examples/Chromakey/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/7de1e1321389ec177f236d0a5f41f876811a912a/badges/ITMO_badge.svg" align="center" width="20%">
</p>
<p align="center"><h1 align="center">CHROMAKEY</h1></p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="license">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=git&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="last-commit">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-top-language">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-language-count">
</p>
<p align="center">Built with the tools and technologies:</p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GNU-Bash&logoColor=white"alt="GNU%20Bash">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Docker&logoColor=white"alt="Docker">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Python&logoColor=white"alt="Python">
</p>
<br>


---
## Overview

<overview>
Chromakey is a real-time video background removal system designed for applications like video conferencing, live streaming, and video editing. It offers a robust and efficient solution for seamless background integration, making it suitable for professionals and individuals seeking high-quality video production. By providing accurate and reliable background removal, Chromakey enhances video content creation.
</overview>

---


## Table of contents

- [Core features](#core-features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Citation](#citation)

---

## Core features

<corefeatures>

1. **Real-time Video Background Removal**: Utilizes `CNN-based method` for seamless background removal.

2. **Modular Architecture**: Separates client-server communication, model training, and deployment for easy maintenance.

3. **Transformer-based Method**: Improves accuracy by incorporating `Transformer-based architecture` for contextual information.

4. **Containerization**: Employs `Docker` for easy deployment, scalability, and adaptability.

5. **Python-based Development**: Leverages `Python` for development, with `pip` for package management.

</corefeatures>

---


## Installation

Install Chromakey using one of the following methods:

**Build from source:**

1. Clone the Chromakey repository:
```sh
❯ git clone https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```sh
❯ cd Chromakey
```

3. Install the project dependencies:


**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ pip install -r CNN-based Method\chromakey\requirements.txt
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker build -t CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey .
```



---


## Examples

Examples of how this should work and how it should be used are available in [Not found any examples](https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey/tree/main/).

---


## Documentation

A detailed Chromakey description is available in [Not found any docs]().

---


## Getting started

### Usage

Run Chromakey using the following command:
**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ python {entrypoint}
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker run -it {image_name}
```


---


## Contributing


- **[Report Issues](https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey/issues )**: Submit bugs found or log feature requests for the Chromakey project.


---


## License

This project is protected under the Not found any License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE](https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey/blob/main/) file.

---


## Acknowledgments

- List any resources, contributors, inspiration, etc. here.

---



## Contacts

Your contacts. For example:

- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/) answering questions about your project
- [VK group](<https://vk.com/>) your VK group
- etc.

---


## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below.

### APA format:

    CTLab-ITMO (2024). Chromakey repository (Version ...) [Computer software]. https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey

### BibTeX format:

    @software{CTLab-ITMO_Chromakey_repository_2024,

        author = {CTLab-ITMO},

        doi = {},

        month = {12},

        title = {Chromakey repository},

        url = {https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey},

        version = {},

        year = {2024}
    }

---

Commit message:

Add new llm providers (#38)
* Implement end-to-end readme generation

1. Make main.py.
2. Make a few examples of README.
3. Remove research directory.
4. Update requirements.



---------

Co-authored-by: Ekarerina-Ulyanova <113061011+Ekarerina-Ulyanova@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ekarerina-Ulyanova <0ulyanova.ekaterina.4@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: andreygetmanov <andrey.getmanov2802@gmail.com>

examples/Chromakey/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/7de1e1321389ec177f236d0a5f41f876811a912a/badges/ITMO_badge.svg" align="center" width="20%">
</p>
<p align="center"><h1 align="center">CHROMAKEY</h1></p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="license">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=git&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="last-commit">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-top-language">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-language-count">
</p>
<p align="center">Built with the tools and technologies:</p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GNU-Bash&logoColor=white"alt="GNU%20Bash">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Docker&logoColor=white"alt="Docker">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Python&logoColor=white"alt="Python">
</p>
<br>


---
## Overview

<overview>
Chromakey is an innovative toolkit designed for advanced image processing, focusing on chroma keying and object segmentation. It empowers researchers and developers to easily experiment with and deploy cutting-edge deep learning models, enhancing image analysis capabilities while ensuring accessibility for users with varying technical expertise.
</overview>

---


## Table of contents

- [Core features](#core-features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Citation](#citation)

---

## Core features

<corefeatures>

1. **CNN-based Chroma Keying**: Implements advanced image processing techniques for chroma keying using CNN methods.

2. **Transformer Integration**: Enhances segmentation accuracy with advanced image analysis techniques through transformer-based methods.

3. **Docker Containerization**: Facilitates easy deployment and execution across environments using Docker containers.

4. **Configuration Management**: Supports configuration management and utility functions for efficient data handling.

5. **Focal Loss Implementation**: Addresses class imbalance during training, improving model performance in real-world applications.

</corefeatures>

---


## Installation

Install Chromakey using one of the following methods:

**Build from source:**

1. Clone the Chromakey repository:
```sh
❯ git clone https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```sh
❯ cd Chromakey
```

3. Install the project dependencies:


**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ pip install -r CNN-based Method\chromakey\requirements.txt
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker build -t CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey .
```



---


## Examples

Examples of how this should work and how it should be used are available in [Not found any examples](https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey/tree/main/).

---


## Documentation

A detailed Chromakey description is available in [Not found any docs]().

---


## Getting started

### Usage

Run Chromakey using the following command:
**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ python {entrypoint}
```


**Using `docker`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />](https://www.docker.com/)

```sh
❯ docker run -it {image_name}
```


---


## Contributing


- **[Report Issues](https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey/issues )**: Submit bugs found or log feature requests for the Chromakey project.


---


## License

This project is protected under the Not found any License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE](https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey/blob/main/) file.

---


## Acknowledgments

- List any resources, contributors, inspiration, etc. here.

---



## Contacts

Your contacts. For example:

- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/) answering questions about your project
- [VK group](<https://vk.com/>) your VK group
- etc.

---


## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below.

### APA format:

    CTLab-ITMO (2024). Chromakey repository (Version ...) [Computer software]. https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey

### BibTeX format:

    @software{CTLab-ITMO_Chromakey_repository_2024,

        author = {CTLab-ITMO},

        doi = {},

        month = {12},

        title = {Chromakey repository},

        url = {https://github.com/CTLab-ITMO/Chromakey},

        version = {},

        year = {2024}
    }

---
