examples/BAMT/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/7de1e1321389ec177f236d0a5f41f876811a912a/badges/ITMO_badge.svg" align="center" width="20%">
</p>
<p align="center"><h1 align="center">BAMT</h1></p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/aimclub/BAMT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="license">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/aimclub/BAMT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=git&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="last-commit">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/aimclub/BAMT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-top-language">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/aimclub/BAMT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-language-count">
</p>
<p align="center">Built with the tools and technologies:</p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/scikitlearn-F7931E.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white"alt="scikitlearn">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tqdm-FFC107.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=tqdm&logoColor=black"alt="tqdm">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=NumPy&logoColor=white"alt="NumPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Python&logoColor=white"alt="Python">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GitHub-Actions&logoColor=white"alt="GitHub%20Actions">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-8CAAE6.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=SciPy&logoColor=white"alt="SciPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-150458.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"alt="pandas">
</p>
<br>


---
## Overview

<overview>
BAMT is a software framework for building and analyzing Bayesian networks, enabling users to create and analyze complex probabilistic models. It offers a flexible and extensible architecture, supporting various applications, from data analysis and machine learning to decision support and risk analysis, catering to professionals and researchers in data-driven fields.
</overview>

---


## Table of contents

- [Core features](#core-features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Citation](#citation)

---

## Core features

<corefeatures>

1. **Bayesian Network Framework**: Provides a comprehensive framework for building and analyzing Bayesian networks.

2. **Modular Architecture**: Offers a modular architecture with separate modules for network construction, node definition, and data preprocessing.

3. **Extensive Library Support**: Utilizes `numpy`, `scikit-learn`, `scipy`, `networkx`, `xgboost`, and `catboost` for various tasks.

4. **Data Preprocessing Tools**: Includes tools for data discretization, graph manipulation, and model evaluation.

5. **Visualization and Display**: Offers tools for visualizing and displaying network structures and results using `pyvis` and `matplotlib`.

</corefeatures>

---


## Installation

Install BAMT using one of the following methods:

**Build from source:**

1. Clone the BAMT repository:
```sh
❯ git clone https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```sh
❯ cd BAMT
```

3. Install the project dependencies:


**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ pip install -r requirements.txt
```



---


## Examples

Examples of how this should work and how it should be used are available in [examples](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/tree/master/docs\source\examples).

---


## Documentation

A detailed BAMT description is available in [docs](https://bamt.readthedocs.io).

---


## Getting started

### Usage

Run BAMT using the following command:
**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ python {entrypoint}
```


---


## Contributing

- **[Join the Discussions](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/discussions )**: Share your insights, provide feedback, or ask questions.

- **[Report Issues](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/issues )**: Submit bugs found or log feature requests for the BAMT project.

- **[Submit Pull Requests](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/blob/master/docs/source/getting_started/contribution.rst )**: To learn more about making a contribution to BAMT.

---


## License

This project is protected under the BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/blob/master/LICENCE) file.

---


## Acknowledgments

- List any resources, contributors, inspiration, etc. here.

---



## Contacts

Your contacts. For example:

- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/) answering questions about your project
- [VK group](<https://vk.com/>) your VK group
- etc.

---


## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below.

### APA format:

    aimclub (2025). BAMT repository (Version ...) [Computer software]. https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT

### BibTeX format:

    @software{aimclub_BAMT_repository_2025,

        author = {aimclub},

        doi = {},

        month = {01},

        title = {BAMT repository},

        url = {https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT},

        version = {},

        year = {2025}
    }

---

Commit message:

Add new llm providers (#38)
* Implement end-to-end readme generation

1. Make main.py.
2. Make a few examples of README.
3. Remove research directory.
4. Update requirements.



---------

Co-authored-by: Ekarerina-Ulyanova <113061011+Ekarerina-Ulyanova@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ekarerina-Ulyanova <0ulyanova.ekaterina.4@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: andreygetmanov <andrey.getmanov2802@gmail.com>

examples/BAMT/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/7de1e1321389ec177f236d0a5f41f876811a912a/badges/ITMO_badge.svg" align="center" width="20%">
</p>
<p align="center"><h1 align="center">BAMT</h1></p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/aimclub/BAMT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="license">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/aimclub/BAMT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=git&logoColor=white&color=blue" alt="last-commit">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/aimclub/BAMT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-top-language">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/aimclub/BAMT?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&color=blue" alt="repo-language-count">
</p>
<p align="center">Built with the tools and technologies:</p>
<p align="center">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/scikitlearn-F7931E.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white"alt="scikitlearn">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tqdm-FFC107.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=tqdm&logoColor=black"alt="tqdm">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=NumPy&logoColor=white"alt="NumPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=Python&logoColor=white"alt="Python">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=GitHub-Actions&logoColor=white"alt="GitHub%20Actions">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-8CAAE6.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=SciPy&logoColor=white"alt="SciPy">
	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-150458.svg?style=BadgeStyleOptions.DEFAULT&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"alt="pandas">
</p>
<br>


---
## Overview

<overview>
BAMT is a framework designed for building and analyzing Bayesian networks, enabling advanced probabilistic modeling and inference. It empowers researchers and practitioners to create sophisticated models that extract insights from complex datasets, accommodating various data types and enhancing flexibility in analysis. This tool is ideal for those engaged in probabilistic reasoning and data-driven decision-making.
</overview>

---


## Table of contents

- [Core features](#core-features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Citation](#citation)

---

## Core features

<corefeatures>

1. **Bayesian Network Framework**: Comprehensive tools for building and analyzing Bayesian networks.

2. **Hybrid Model Support**: Accommodates both discrete and continuous variables for diverse data types.

3. **Node Types Implementation**: Supports various node types, including discrete and Gaussian nodes.

4. **Evolutionary Algorithms**: Enables complex network construction through advanced evolutionary algorithms.

5. **Integration with External Libraries**: Enhances functionality with libraries like pyBN for graph manipulation.

</corefeatures>

---


## Installation

Install BAMT using one of the following methods:

**Build from source:**

1. Clone the BAMT repository:
```sh
❯ git clone https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```sh
❯ cd BAMT
```

3. Install the project dependencies:


**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ pip install -r requirements.txt
```



---


## Examples

Examples of how this should work and how it should be used are available in [examples](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/tree/master/docs\source\examples).

---


## Documentation

A detailed BAMT description is available in [docs](https://bamt.readthedocs.io).

---


## Getting started

### Usage

Run BAMT using the following command:
**Using `pip`** &nbsp;
[<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pip-3776AB.svg?style={badge_style}&logo=pypi&logoColor=white" />](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

```sh
❯ python {entrypoint}
```


---


## Contributing

- **[Join the Discussions](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/discussions )**: Share your insights, provide feedback, or ask questions.

- **[Report Issues](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/issues )**: Submit bugs found or log feature requests for the BAMT project.

- **[Submit Pull Requests](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/blob/master/docs/source/getting_started/contribution.rst )**: To learn more about making a contribution to BAMT.

---


## License

This project is protected under the BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE](https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT/blob/master/LICENCE) file.

---


## Acknowledgments

- List any resources, contributors, inspiration, etc. here.

---



## Contacts

Your contacts. For example:

- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/) answering questions about your project
- [VK group](<https://vk.com/>) your VK group
- etc.

---


## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below.

### APA format:

    aimclub (2025). BAMT repository (Version ...) [Computer software]. https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT

### BibTeX format:

    @software{aimclub_BAMT_repository_2025,

        author = {aimclub},

        doi = {},

        month = {01},

        title = {BAMT repository},

        url = {https://github.com/aimclub/BAMT},

        version = {},

        year = {2025}
    }

---
